Dear Colleagues,

We are deeply saddened by the scenes of anger and unrest that have engulfed the United States, even more so when we received news that one of our branches was burnt to the ground during a peaceful rally in San Diego that turned violent. All of us here in Japan are very relieved that you are safe but remain concerned as you deal with unnerving protests and discord during this period.  

It is never easy to understand the frustration, outrage, and pain that have persisted through generations and buried deep beneath the veneers of a civilized society, only to explode into an avalanche of emotions that we have seen over the past few days.  

In the face of these challenges, the spirit conveyed by Steve and Greg in their recent messages on Bridge — and the frank, authentic conversations they have stimulated — is heartening. This is the America the world knows and admires, with its robust diversity, seeking to bridge differences that can create inequities, hoping and working to find common ground.  

It is also the America we both experienced during the time we were fortunate to serve there. We remain hopeful for the day when divisions will be overcome by a unity of spirit and the calmness of many that will set the standards for integrity, respect, inclusion, and diversity within your community. 

Lastly, we cannot stress enough the importance of keeping everyone safe, and trust that you will do whatever it takes to take care of yourself, your colleagues, and your families.

Please know that you are in our thoughts and prayers and we stand ready to support you through these difficult times. 


Sincerely,
Sugu & Hiro 



亲爱的同事们，

  

席卷美国的愤怒和动荡场面使我们深感难过，当我们收到消息说，在圣地亚哥的一场和平集会上，我们的一个分支机构被烧成地面，变成暴力时，我们感到更加难过。在日本，我们所有人都为您的安全感到放心，但在此期间您应对令人不安的抗议和不和时仍然感到关切。

  

世代相传的挫败感，痛苦和痛苦深深埋藏在文明社会的表面之下，这绝非易事，只是爆发成我们过去几天看到的大量情绪。

  

面对这些挑战，史蒂夫（Steve）和格雷格（Greg）在最近关于布里奇（Bridge）的信息中传达的精神以及他们所激发的坦率，真实的对话令人振奋。这是世界所了解和钦佩的美国，它拥有强大的多样性，力求弥合可能造成不平等现象的分歧，希望并努力找到共同点。

 

这也是我们很幸运地在美国服务的那段时间里经历的美国。我们仍然希望有一天，团结一致的精神和许多人的镇定将克服分歧，这将为您社区中的正直，尊重，包容和多样性设定标准。

  

最后，我们不能过分强调确保所有人安全的重要性，并相信您将尽一切努力照顾自己，同事和家人。

  

请知道您在我们的思想和祈祷中，我们随时准备在困难时期为您提供支持。

  

真诚的

  

须ugu和弘
